this is 100 million buys huh it wasn't
that hard to find you Toretto wasn't
hiding last week natima highly
coordinated drivers took down an entire
military convoy he no real was my last
job I know you didn't do it but you're
gonna help me take down the team that
did and why is that house been chasing
his crew crossed 12 countries this was
taken a week ago
it's impossible I need your help tom I
need your team I don't I smell baby oil
you keep running your piehole you're
gonna smell an ass-kicking you got the
best crew in the world standing right
and funny give them a reason this day
our targets Owen Shaw former SpecOps
soldier for years they've been running
jobs in Europe there's our most recent
jobs that graduated them to a whole new
level the loss of life is unthinkable
I'm offering you a chance to make you
family whole again you get as close to
Letty and we'll get you Shaw and you
give this full pardons all the way
around I can't promise you that that's
the deal take it or leave
by the dark
What's Wrong dealers never seen this
before yo its cold you live I makes you
predictable and our line of work
predictable means vulnerable I can reach
out and break you whenever I want you
believe in ghosts maybe the Letty we
once knew is gone you don't turn it back
on even when they do
gasps they gotta take
we talking vehicular warfare this is not
what we do
fast lane